what up today's show is sponsored by
expressvpn
access games TV shows and web sites
locked in your region at expressvpn comm
/ let's play and we're back in Minecraft
episode 4 oh we are back we've gone to
episodes deathless Jesus Christ what
froze I gotta do something with my roof
in here it's giving me anxiety yeah you
know I was just thinking about that and
I was like you know I'm trying to ignore
it because it's so boring I think I
think I have a better solution though
instead of fixing that we should go on
an adventure not with you Trevor you
didn't go on the adventure that you kept
talking well I was trying to get del
Fredo and he kept McGoohan about no
don't blame Magoo I'm running around I
don't know if that's good or not I'm
still chasing this lava gloom
I'm on a horse hunt that's like a horse
of course of course
alright I'm gonna make up take a bucket
and I'm gonna make a water hole oh we
also need to go back into the nether for
what's the word I'm looking for
create blaze rods so you got one you
need more because we need blaze powder
to fuel the brewing sin the ability to
blaze it and something else
Oh for indoor eyes and your eyes yep
Chingy I'll leave now let's go alright
why hang on let me come back let's all
go together okay let's go Michael take
your shader okay I'm coming wait for my
key risk this oh it's a village oh you
found a violetta village yeah oh that's
nice Jerry look and see if we got any
books you move along I didn't take their
meds loot take their beds take their
books take their lives have an orange
bed we don't need beds oh that's my bed
now whole crop creeper there is there's
the son of a that wants me dead always
blowing deeper you gotta watch out for
those guys he's blowing don't you break
my stairs he's gonna break my stairs you
gonna bring my stairs give them my house
is it your house is the first question
that's true you got
there's a swamp here we could get slime
to make leads that's good night oh you
you did a good fine yeah this is good
man I'm taking some food for the journey
because if I die who cares that way if
you die you can drop that food for us oh
no way you can have that horse armor too
if you want I don't have a dose I have
another potion stand now all right just
took it from him I didn't know that was
a thing I guess there you have them now
huh I took a potion stand two cauldrons
and a blast furnace whose house is this
that's Gavin that's Gavin oh are you at
my house gab Ulis of GU yeah I'm coming
in wow you made this it's well here's
the thing it's nice but it's a prison
cells what you think Wow I'm stony it's
nice because it's so dams it's real cold
and coal mine is it's spacious but so
much work to renovate there's a llama in
the nether I don't need a ton wait one
of the llamas is in the middle of the
llamas in the nether that's where he
wins I'm trying to push him back in what
the bunny Coe he's dead now
Oh like I didn't build that pool I just
actually shrunk the pool I'm pushing a
llama through all right the llama has
come through the llama is on our side
should he be on our side oh yeah here it
is he's not another one I'm dying I'm
dying
Jesus Christ I climbed on the stupid
llama inside the portal hole and I was
crying so you always went out of you
dead you dead cuz you choked on a lot
like panic did not gotten off I would
have been dead yes Wow
I took a heart and a half a damage from
Ryan's llama trap llama trap alright
whatever you do kill the first Pigman
you see all right we'll watch go in
bunny I'm trying to eat something
I won't let me eat probably not hungry
then dog nice pants
afraid of you know if you find the bunny
in there oh I'm in on see I don't see a
bunny dudette no one like incinerated oh
there's the bunny oh he's dead he's good
yeah
I mean that may have been what he was
already designed for no he was he's like
that when you threw him in it was
already food what I threw weight you
could throw things through the portal
now yeah Gavin you have no armor on why
but I've got trousers put on the rest
bro I don't have enough iron come here I
have so much back at my base I don't
know why I didn't bring it
I've angered an O great oh you foolish
boy
Alfredo's fighting Pigman already are
you doing they were here they were
looking at look I just need a pack of
Pigman all right everybody get your ass
in here let's adventure alright class
the blade you've been there before right
yeah I'm over here I just fought an
inter person I don't think I got a no
look at this point you hurt me a lot
turned left
oh that way okay I was looking down in
hell and almost jumped in yeah no it's
just right over there yeah you guys go
ahead I'm just gonna wait for the slimes
Jeremy yeah we might need someone to
stay behind to tell our story if things
go stickin got it well this course might
be good for my cell oh that's that's
yeah you know what watch out oh wow it
is right here I'm gonna watch out for
ghasts and getting black smell Oh
does anyone have three iron why yes I do
can I have dude I have like 700 shoes
what an exclamation actually barefoot I
just know I think there's a spawner this
way all right I'm here and I've brought
a lot of comments the gas is like it's
like these four torches are the exit got
it
yeah and then we should leave the
torches on the left side of the wall so
when we come back they'll be on the
right side you do what you want I just
know I want are you sure you guys are
gonna scramble my message so I'm not
gonna strand the [__] I'm just saying if
I place torches on the left wall so we
can all like follow them on the right
wall to get out of here I'm saying go
for it I'm gonna find tortoises all over
the gaff as well you say
bad Frady what have you done this is
dangerous Oh angry look at you the
pigment I'm just going ape inside this
fortress oh my god they ran away doh
I found a huge gathering of the pigman
diamond horse the armor and a saddle my
keys good to go oh yeah noon hell yeah
my inventory is fall I don't like that
oh I found the plate I found the blazes
found the blaze in the flame what a wild
man god damn quick time it goes the to
time no he's like oh I'm killing these
pigment how far from the start was he of
the nether yeah right next to it
no guys on the upside of his death I
found a diamond in her chest holy [__] I
can't believe it wow I had so many plans
to kill that guy there's a reason it's
like he died all over again I see a
wither and a blazer Michael where are
you oh right the cast again yeah you go
do you got a horsey ya know when you do
son oh oh look at the diamond donut the
the blazes were over there I think they
might have just killed themselves in the
walk together we end up like Fredo no I
can't
oh there's a spawner up there if I if I
light it up will it stop spawning Oh cat
blazes get behind me are you gonna keep
me safe boy I'll try going in with my
god the coolers really coming with you
there's three of them wait for him to
shoot again that's too many my fastest
fire do it gas is on either side of us
though good lord
are you just shot going in auto jump
deal me
just build a wall there's no hang out no
no we can't get home build a whole ha
there's a verdict Minh he was running
right at us got a skeleton head on he's
so cute
just the one wall is good I want to
raise him all right I got one I got one
Rock tonight I'll build one for me too
demon go this way okay we look for more
Goods Oh they spawn so many Trevor oh
this is so dangerous what would do it
what are y'all doing we're just in the
nether adventure just getting each other
kill we got it yeah we won we won do you
know a slime I see him oh we got a
please rod two for our trouble oh you
got a blaze rod nice tuna here grab hold
you hold your chicken I don't have any
space that's no chicken it's a rap it's
Alfredo sorry that's what I meant
those of you a favor give me some
glowstone I'll be awesome okay you're so
needy okay hang on I would appreciate it
I eat my fish I ate all my fish do you
need food Oh Matt's here I'm here it's
dark outside
oh yeah that's a bad time to join lost
Alfredo
that's not great man yeah he made real
poor choices when we get back to the
other world I'm gonna bury this chicken
as Alfredo's grave see now you called it
a chicken all I said rap it I wish I had
a bucket I'd scoop the lava
oh wait Gavin [__] it oh you do get it
I'll build you a bridge do it gab please
don't fall in and let's just leave Ryan
let's just leave I'm birdies Raylan okay
all right let me do some repairs please
please help me I need to go find more
chess all right you can grab the source
book now Ryan I've left okay that's fine
I'm gonna go find chests I'm working a
strategy yeah what are you guys doing
Trevor are you outside okay I got eight
slime
nice nice nice it's behind that wall
were you looking for the source block
yeah oh you want me to plug this yeah
there is hang on I got it yeah that was
thought it said Michael died dude I
didn't explode yeah but I just had a
little health great guy a little bit
we've got lava do we not
I'm lovable before but I have lava now
that's all I mean I go to baseball would
have burned up Fredo with it if I if he
was still alive I really wanted to kill
him in some funny way and he just died
fighting Pigman I feel like I left him I
was with him and I left Anita then he
was dead
no you can't think like that your rental
supervision required dude you killed him
[Music]
I buried myself in a hole specifically
because of that oh hang on trypsin
flytrap you forgetting blazing is aghast
out there oh never mind never mind where
you were Chet this is the adventure oh
my god
here he is oh-ho are you fighting a gas
do we need we don't need why once your
tears you slouch you don't need [__]
Trevor's gonna die from again I killed
Trevor boys get blown up I'm running
home ammo point got two pickaxes Jeremy
you're gonna have to tell her story I
don't care you're gonna we should look
for chesties while ghast is out here pal
I cleaned out a bunch of chests down
there I see him there she is really
mystified the lighting in here yeah
what's up I'm gonna get you some good
stuff
oh nice Trevor nice-looking a trance
please there's a blaze straight ahead
guy again yes to your right the places
they're hunting me I'm going for the
next section he went too long
sOooo is she squid part milk is
tentacles what are you guys doing over
here trying to milk a ghast there he is
the gas makes buffalo milk he's thrown
it away this episode so much weirder
than the lost went down there so
different who's here now Ryan's here
Gavin look there's a fern down there
Brian you're gonna fall oh no Trevor's
gonna fall see him will get off the
ledges it's that close stone Jack needs
that that's lava break he doesn't need
it there's no chair attack on that on
that guy yeah that's way up there Ryan
Matt you can stay in my basement for the
night no no I can't I can't do that yeah
llamas loose what am I getting loose
stupid okay
oh this guy's got a purple sword he's
got out of the nether we should leave he
knocked me off the fortress and I didn't
die god damn glowstone oh my god okay
we've got multiple rods let's get out of
here
take the Stuart dude above us with a
magic sword and I want it it's a Pigman
though and we're deep yeah but what if
we kill him and then bolt but we will
get it but we might you will never get
them but we my ideas right there look
it's purple I don't want it I'll make my
own I'm gonna go get it they sound like
the words of a dead man oh there's only
three Pigman four five six seven eight
nine Pigman on the screen what is he
trying to get this Pigman has a purple
sword he's definitely gonna drop if I
kill him he won't Gavin where the hell
is the exit why don't you put him in a
hole what would the hole help cuz you
could kill him in secret it's slim no no
no no don't follow Gavin that's right
it's fine follow Gavin he's coming right
way come on you fools I'm at stairs
right here okay they're guarding the
purple sword I'm gonna I'm gonna go
against my better judgment I'll kill him
and not kill him Trevor why don't you
[__] one of them will run why don't you
to edit okay I'm gonna taught what and
run still in here oh my god after me I'm
no you I'm looking for more treasure the
tale of the purple sword I have time
going back I'll back you up Trevor I'm
not done with adventure whose house is
uh is this over here
well frado's house is now empty well we
got to burn it down don't we well Fredo
had tea and tea that's true probably
booby-trapped at his house feel like
that's how he'd want his house to go was
this his house that's the big one with a
fenced-in yard oh he was gonna sell that
house yeah he was gonna flip it it's
five TNT in here five and his cute box
Oh should we do a raffle does he have a
will rest in peace well it's all
infected no we got to burn it yeah you
gotta burn a perfectly good jukebox the
diamond went in there oh I did not beat
near what what's happening there I don't
have anything to strike it with put the
TNT's laid Oh Oh what one of it went oh
oh no it's gonna launch it to my yeah
please don't know my lair
two of them blew up yeah it's still two
over there yeah are you back I just came
back I left you a present inside your
house he took a [__] on your yard Oh God
we should all get medals for the Derby I
mean I do poos okay I've got glowstone
dust for you oh thank you that's uh
that's a swift death I want you to feel
like you have to come my own yeah that's
for you gasps what what is happening was
that a good thing or a bad thing I want
to feed him Alfredo it was good yeah he
loved it
I gave Gavi uh a cat oh and it looks
likes me he looks just likes me I came
back in cuz you guys sound like you're
having fun yeah I am oh there's a blaze
on top of the exit boys damn adventure
bro there's a blaze on top of the exit
if you go out watch out eventually the
The Adventure is gonna become a rescue
mission who made these big tunnels of
trash like what Oh guys I've found a
shortcut into the fortress
Oh so did I that's it well you found
what I made it's the tunnel of trash
I just dug it I found this convenient
pack sitting here the purpose of the
truth I need it where is it where is hop
hunting the Purple's oh no no no he's
right near the eggs right here we can
give up and run we never have to come
back here again well they won't still be
aggro well they relieved
oh yes forever for a while they will
tell tales of the purple sword being
lost all right Trevor let's count it
we've got one two three four of them
behind us which one's the purple
swordsman oh that guy you won't get it
he was trying to hide it in the brick
what if we do also it's a gold sword yes
but it's not about what it is it's about
the legend it's about the movie that
we're making can you hang weapons I put
in a frame and a frame that [__] house
you can we need a trophy every episode
needs a trophy the last ones have been
late every it's a stack of hay if we hit
this dude they're gonna swarm from
behind us
yeah they are all right okay let's draw
him with something nice like here can
hold the light Jeremy they're all gonna
die huh
yeah no dude no we're gonna come back
heroes with a purple sword yeah Kenny
leather how much do you need as much as
you got gonna put him in a hole I mean
he won't fight back but his friends will
right you put him in that hole yeah we
all do he can only go one way well his
name is now Edgar well now it's not
nearly deep enough guys I'm sure but it
is a whole gay all right if you hit him
I hit him wait wait wait wait hold on he
exits right there buddy drop the sword
in a deep hole and we're not gonna have
an out of the whole heaven out I'll have
an out also I'm gonna whop it I'm ready
okay Ryan you might need to save us I'm
going to smack him with you so we can
Trevor no here's what you do triple
watch the guy behind us watch the guy
doing that guy I'm the guy near the
crafting tables over here alright boys
McCrae this purple sword yes here no one
cares this guy cares guys he didn't drop
it no but I'm taking the rotten flesh
what did he drop he dropped ruffling
there's another purple sword out there
to be taken we'll be back he will get it
next time you guys don't know come here
we wrapped the portal so they couldn't
get around he said you've killed Michael
there were so many coming out there on
me dude
how I killed him I was just trying to
protect him okay
Oh Trevor I can't hit one without
getting triple tapped that's our two
winners that one in season two is death
I'm so confused I thought I'd protected
him I built a wall it wasn't all for
naught
oh no they're after me now too they
probably deserve it maybe oh no
something oh god what's happened
well I'm doing one side of the time you
crazy me upstairs a welcome mat Oh God
I'm just in my house if you need yeah
all right if somebody wants some gulps
there's some Michael cubs on the far
side okay if we're gonna go back we need
a new portal far away from this one I
could make one on and by mile and I've
got I've got the the stuff for it let's
go to Jack Lenore
Pickman on the other side of this one
signs that leather yeah I do actually I
got more for you yeah can you put it my
mailbox please far away house popped I
blew it up a little
that was really tragic I don't I still
don't know what happened that blood is
on your hands Ryan I but it wasn't I was
protecting him we all heard what he said
I was to keep the pig people and I guess
he got trapped like stuck on the wall a
little better thank you informed him
properly about the wolf plan I think he
got trapped on the wall he screamed
about being trapped he said what are you
doing trapping us in here and then tie
and then you guys cobblestone up the
poor wall Ryan and was still in there I
don't know what the madman was doing in
there well I went back to get gobs
sympathiser here's the thing you went
but to get Michael's cups yeah there's a
moment where after Alfredo died there
should have been this collective let's
just forget the purple sword for now
didn't happen and you also didn't get
the sword dude they killed it though
they killed whatever it was all right
I'm gonna incinerate Michaels things
here goes oh my god
there's his pants what was most crazy
was the Horde that just spawned as soon
as you started that oh yeah there's like
four of them spawned in a big blob hang
on I'm gonna step on your flowers that's
not my flowers so Jamie I gave you some
gifts I need to make some frames cuz I
got that from this episode I got a gold
bar one of the pigs dropped it that's
what two of our people died for well
Fredo didn't die for that died for
insanity Michael gave me this horse
armor so I'm gonna find a horse for it
and call it Michael twice this video
[Laughter]
yeah I feel like Michael died cursing my
name and I feel bad about that
no he did there's no no feel he did he
said Ryan you've killed me
I wasn't there he died
I feel like he even said it a little bit
after he's dead just to get the words
out with his dying breath I was trying
to save his life and I don't I don't
know how it's wrong I'm not denying that
your intentions were good they just were
bad all right I put I put sharpness two
on my sword Oh Jack I got I got some
stuff for you
you got some stuff for me yeah what'd
you get for me some deuced
oh thank you oh I forgot to grab that
from Ryan when I was over there no we
can sleep cuz I did give Matt a bed
I have sleep let's sleep if we can wait
what sleep please hurry
I'm sleeping with arrows and Mike has no
wall he's just got an open house with no
light I'm gonna get the walls soon
all right I'm runnin to my house sorrow
I love that Michael told me he was like
afraid Oh dies I'm gonna say Oh Magoo
never did that and then he died before
he could say it to my bed he was so
brave too once again they picked a fight
with Pigman for no reason I feel like
he's brave in the way that the same way
a man getting shot out of a cannon his
brave like yeah cool but why sometimes
bravery is mixed up and confused with
stupidity yeah I see you are one of
those confused people he was
tremendously brave and charismatic might
I add what an episode this has been
we've lost two people yeah I got bit by
a squid wait was that last time I even
know that was a thing it's nothing he
got bit by a drown while a squid watched
oh that's sexy I like it when you watch
and he didn't even call it ask we call
that an octopus octopus beat me video
we're Achievement Hunter goes dogging
that's come up and I know the answer to
this what is dogging
who wants to go for it Matt what's
dogging it's what you take your dog out
for a walk and I don't know you throw
them at people Ryan what's dogging
dammit I've heard I've heard and used
this term before you know and I'm I'm
blanking on it uh it's when it's when
you knock on doors and run away
that's granny oh no wait it's it's
sexing time is some sexing involved its
sexing there is sexing involved yeah
it's donkey I need a horse not this it's
not donkeys that's for sure no it's not
Jack what stalking is that like where
you go hunt birds and then you bring
your dogs and they get the birds for you
what's dogging dogging is like when
you're following someone really closely
like you're like up their ass no now I
could be wrong is dogging not the act of
life in like a car while someone else
watches you can watch just go dog sell
tickets as a grouper you just saw jack
off outside the window I wish I hadn't
burned up Michaels armor cuz we could
have made an armor stand in there look
you know that's true Ryan's trying to
all be like Oh guys remember Michael he
was such a good person that person I
murdered I was very confused he almost
planked me out I was blinking the Badman
out Oh Michael yeah well he was in he
was in the portal when he died a little
bit true oh there are some horses
I like the michael spirit stayed around
and Alfredo's just pissed off
immediately had to go figure out stream
stuff I'm sure okay Alfredo's ghost has
got a busy ghost even in death so we
need more endure people sadly the best
place to get them is in the end where
you need to have already had them oh did
I idiot that I think I did
do you kill a cat punch a horse well I
think I finally tracked down a horse
whoops
but I think I left my saddle at home god
dammit where are you bring you a saddle
if you go over our Gavin hey you doing
nothing hey hey hey what Ryan go west I
think it is a question mark there's a
question mark I feel like good question
works here cuz I caught you going west
you know but you're the mountain your
house is built into oh it's like
mountain word alright going that way
saddle thank you mhm and yeah I can make
some some beads when I get back I should
have spent more time with him I had a
bed in this house and everything hey
Matt hey what's up dude don't go with me
on the couch er I would love to I have
you can't open them on adventures
protection yeah Matt that's that thing
I'm gonna top your house is pretty ugly
though oh yeah I got a I got a do some
fixing I don't see any more cows so I
think we'll just take these three come
on cow guys I think we should end this
part with a nice sleepover because who
knows who could die next time it'll be
Gavin but yeah have like a small
memorial service there okay oh yeah we
had two deaths Matt yo what's up mailbox
oh thanks man alright yeah let's have a
memorial service let's make some grace
okay we return at dusk with a gift for
the commune we shall give you milk
machines all right Matt you keep going
I'm gonna go ahead and build a fence
yeah hurry hurry as I see things
spawning that want to kill oh okay yeah
I'm at a man I've got 12 fence that's
all I can make can anybody else make
more fence it's gonna be a really small
humane pen calf come here
so well we'll put a oh dear we got put
two stones above it and then some are
there buried so wait let me quickly try
and make a stone wool okay a stone wall
don't shoot the cows you son you son the
cows are kind of safe other than the tnt
that could be lit by the furnace that's
being used right below it alright I
finally figured out how to make an armor
stand where we putting these things all
right Matt it's gonna be
very small pen got away from me oh I'm
getting in the house my house is through
this looks like yeah [__] there's a
purple chest I see you found my home
hello enjoy the hot tub give me your
shirt you man you've so much armor on he
dropped it I got it Wow another trophy
for the wall all right Jesus okay go to
sleep damn it wait wait wait all right
man are we gonna sleep yeah Matt more
than anyone needs a shirt I'm gonna put
it in your inbox true thank you
[Music]
who wants to come with me oh yeah we
should kill him well we should
definitely kill the Enderman yeah
because I need their pearls you need the
pearls man all right we can officially
do level 26 enchantments how many more
do you need Jeremy to get up to a 30 I
mean we might be able to do it with
another two bookshelves Jeremy he's
sitting right behind you dude here we go
okay oh nice nice sharpness we got to
probably need about I would say five to
find a fortress and then possibly 12 to
light up the portal Michael I'm so sorry
I don't know how I caused
did I but it that was your final word
[Laughter]
wait this isn't Michael Michaels on the
end Oh
Michael was the third one so does it
start on the left or the right watch
this one I took this one when Matt was
getting attacked by the end of he's
gonna go there eventually no we need to
leave it Doug
I feel like this plane isn't big enough
for the amount of bodies we're gonna
have to deal with them well here's my
thinking right yeah if Lindsay is this
is may be influenced by the spirit of
Michael if Lindsay goes in the middle
and Michael goes on the end I could be
buried next to Michael and ICO so you
see this is where you will go when you
die so you omitted
okay never we'll move him over I'm gonna
dig a couple more so we can all be
morbid about this well you gotta buy the
plot is our future what if I want a
mausoleum all right Trevor I planted
melons nice this piece of bunny could be
afraid of all right let me come with
good day won't last long buddy come look
at the site so Fredo they're Lindsay
here Michael Fredo always wanted to blow
something up so future gaps hole I like
that you only dug three that's all it's
gonna die yeah oh wait no dang it Fredo
would have been the Gunpowder I don't
know how Lindsay died Africa was a
zombie got her I think so yeah yeah you
could hold on to the rabbit meat and
when we're done making the bookshelves
that we need you made her bones we could
make those items raw why givings well
I've already got the trophy wall over
here where's that yeah it's over here so
it can like episode four the tale of the
purple sword rip Fredo and Mikey yeah
okay I like this I like that way we can
look back and remember it Masonic trophy
wall yeah I think we've had any trophies
really up until this point yeah we need
a Lindsey memento that's how that's
gonna go
it's like when I look at this wall I
remember the emotions I had panic the
fear it's probably safe in there right
sure I'll let you in okay head on in
there pal safe and wear don't worry
about it in the nether yeah Oh they've
definitely calmed down since tune in
next time will Ryan live or will he die
oh there's so many of them in here fade
to black
oh dude that would be such a good ending
all right Matt I don't think people will
care very much but I left something in
your mailbox okay thank you stop it stop
what you're doing okay
[Music]